1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1. vs HTTP2
HTTP1
 1. loads resources one after the other
 2. so if one resource cannot be loaded
 3. it blocks all the other resources behind it
 4. It works on the textual format
 5. There is head of line blocking that blocks all
  the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources
  6. It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
  7. It compresses data by itself 
  8. The Upgrade header was used to indicate a preference from the client that made 
   9.it possible to switch to a more preferred protocol if found appropriate by the server

HTTP2
 1. Its able to use a single TCP connection 
 2. to send multiple streams of data at once
 3. so that no one resource blocks any other resource
 4. It works on the binary protocol
 5. It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests
 6. It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 
 7. It uses HPACK for data compression
 8. Introduces the concept of multiplexing that interleaves the requests and responses
  without head-of-line blocking and does so over a single TCP connection.

2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

1. Javascript objects are related to real life world object
2. It is a entity which have some properties and respective types
3. Objects and Arrays are mutable in nature it mean 
4. Its  state can be modified after it is created
5. Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type 
6. forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript
7. Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of 
these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types
8. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol)
 in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types)

example. Your coffee cup have certain featues like it's colour , design, weight 
 your dog, your desk, your television set, your bicycle
  car, pen, mobile, email, bank account.
